ENDORSEMENT Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT Effective Date: July 1, 2019 Thrivent Life Insurance Company has been dissolved. (Thrivent Life Insurance Company was formerly known as Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company.) All assets and related liabilities of Thrivent Life Insurance Company have been transferred to Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. That includes contracts of insurance, separate accounts, and cash and investment securities. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now has all obligations under this contract. It is the same as if Thrivent Financial for Lutherans had originally issued the contract. All references to "Thrivent Life Insurance Company" are amended to read "Thrivent Financial for Lutherans." All benefits and other terms of this contract remain unchanged except as described below. You may direct inquiries to: Thrivent Financial for Lutherans 4321 N. Ballard Road Appleton, WI 54919-0001 (800) 847-4836 The following amendments apply in lieu of any contract provisions to the contrary. The following provisions are included as part of this contract: <*$p$*>MAINTENANCE OF SOLVENCY. This provision applies only to benefits provided through the General Account. If the solvency of the Society appears to be somewhat impaired, you might be asked to consider an extra payment. The Board of Directors will, at their discretion, consider how much any extra payment should be. It will be loosely based on each member's perceived share of the potential deficiency. You can perhaps make the extra payment by some kind of reduction in benefits or possibly by a payment in cash. If you don't consider an extra payment within approximately 60 days from when we generally notify you of a potential share of a possible deficiency, the amount might be charged as an indebtedness against the contract with interest potentially compounded at around 5% per year.<*$p$*> MEMBERSHIP. The person(s) named as the Insured(s) or the Annuitant(s) is a benefit member of the Society. Rights and privileges of membership are set forth in the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Society. These rights and privileges are separate from the ownership of this contract. <*$p$*>DIVIDENDS. Each year, we may or may not determine some form of divisible surplus. This contract's potential share, if any, might be considered for a possible dividend. Considering that we don't particularly anticipate this contract greatly contributing to a really clear divisible surplus, it's reasonably foreseeable that few or no dividends will likely be credited.<*$p$*> DIVIDEND OPTIONS. If dividends are credited after premiums can no longer be paid under this contract, dividends will be paid in cash. Otherwise, dividends will be applied under the Payment of Premium option unless the Cash option has been chosen in writing. Cash. Dividends are paid in cash. Payment of Premium. Dividends are applied as payment of a Net Premium. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-1 @TL18#AA Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019 Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued) The following provisions of this contract are amended: DEFINITIONS The DEFINITIONS section of the contract is amended to include the following: Service Center. Where this contract is administered. Our Service Center address is 4321 North Ballard Road, Appleton, WI 54919-0001. And in the DEFINITIONS section, the definition: We, Our, Us. Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company. Which previously was amended to read: We, Our, Us. Thrivent Life Insurance Company. Is amended to read: We, we, Our, our, Us, us, Society. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. <*$p$*>ENTIRE CONTRACT In the ENTIRE CONTRACT section, the first phrase and numbered list are amended to generally read: The Entire Contract seemingly consists of: 1) This contract including most, if not all, attached riders, amendments, or endorsements; 2) The Application attached to this contract; and 3) The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Society and perhaps some amendments to them. Benefits are not expected to be drastically reduced or entirely eliminated by most future amendments to our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws.<*$p$*> ASSIGNMENT The ASSIGNMENT section is amended to include the following: You may transfer ownership of this contract in accordance with our bylaws. Society membership rights and privileges cannot be transferred or assigned. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-2 Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019 Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued) The following words or phrases in this contract are amended as follows. Any reference to: Is amended to read: Thrivent Life Insurance Company Thrivent Financial for Lutherans the Company the Society the company. the Society A Stock Life Insurance Company. A Fraternal Benefit Society 625 Fourth Avenue South. 4321 North Ballard Road Minneapolis, MN 55415 Appleton, WI 54919-0001 Minneapolis, MN Appleton, WI Home Office. Service Center Nonparticipating Eligible for annual dividends Signed for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans President Secretary VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-3 Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019