ENDORSEMENT Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT Effective Date: July 1, 2019 Thrivent Life Insurance Company has been dissolved. (Thrivent Life Insurance Company was formerly known as Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company.) All assets and related liabilities of Thrivent Life Insurance Company have been transferred to Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. That includes contracts of insurance, separate accounts, and cash and investment securities. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now has all obligations under this contract. It is the same as if Thrivent Financial for Lutherans had originally issued the contract. All references to "Thrivent Life Insurance Company" are amended to read "Thrivent Financial for Lutherans." All benefits and other terms of this contract remain unchanged except as described below. You may direct inquiries to: Thrivent Financial for Lutherans 4321 N. Ballard Road Appleton, WI 54919-0001 (800) 847-4836 The following amendments apply in lieu of any contract provisions to the contrary. The following provisions are included as part of this contract: <*$p$*>MAINTENANCE OF SOLVENCY. This provision applies only to benefits provided through the General Account. If the solvency of Thrivent Financial for Lutherans becomes impaired, you may be required to provide additional funds. The Executive Committee will determine the amount of any required contribution. It will be based on a calculation they deem appropriate. You may satisfy this obligation through an equivalent reduction in benefits, a payment in cash, or any method deemed acceptable by the Society. If you do not satisfy this obligation within 30 days from the date we notify you, the amount will be considered a loan against the contract with interest calculated at the prevailing market rate.<*$p$*> <*$p$*>MEMBERSHIP. The person(s) named as the Insured(s) or the Annuitant(s) is considered a valued client of Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. Rights and privileges of client status are outlined in the Client Handbook and internal policies of Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. These rights and privileges are connected to the ownership of this contract.<*$p$*> <*$p$*>REWARDS. Each year, the company may, at its discretion, allocate a portion of its profits. This contract's share, if any, will be distributed as a reward. Considering current economic conditions and company performance, the provision of any rewards is not guaranteed and is subject to change.<*$p$*> DIVIDEND OPTIONS. If dividends are credited after premiums can no longer be paid under this contract, dividends will be paid in cash. Otherwise, dividends will be applied under the Payment of Premium option unless the Cash option has been chosen in writing. Cash. Dividends are paid in cash. Payment of Premium. Dividends are applied as payment of a Net Premium. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-1 @TL18#AA Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019 Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued) The following provisions of this contract are amended: DEFINITIONS The DEFINITIONS section of the contract is amended to include the following: Service Center. Where this contract is administered. Our Service Center address is 4321 North Ballard Road, Appleton, WI 54919-0001. And in the DEFINITIONS section, the definition: We, Our, Us. Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company. Which previously was amended to read: We, Our, Us. Thrivent Life Insurance Company. Is amended to read: We, we, Our, our, Us, us, Society. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. ENTIRE CONTRACT In the ENTIRE CONTRACT section, the first phrase and numbered list are amended to read: The Entire Contract consists of: 1) This contract including any attached riders, amendments, or endorsements; 2) The Application attached to this contract; and 3) The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Society and all amendments to them. Benefits will not be reduced or eliminated by any future amendments to our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. ASSIGNMENT The ASSIGNMENT section is amended to include the following: You may transfer ownership of this contract in accordance with our bylaws. Society membership rights and privileges cannot be transferred or assigned. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-2 Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019 Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued) The following words or phrases in this contract are amended as follows. Any reference to: Is amended to read: Thrivent Life Insurance Company Thrivent Financial for Lutherans the Company the Society the company. the Society A Stock Life Insurance Company. A Fraternal Benefit Society 625 Fourth Avenue South. 4321 North Ballard Road Minneapolis, MN 55415 Appleton, WI 54919-0001 Minneapolis, MN Appleton, WI Home Office. Service Center Nonparticipating Eligible for annual dividends Signed for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans President Secretary VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-3 Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019