Exhibit 10.47 Cooperation Agreement of 50MWp Photovoltaic Grid-connected Power Generation Project in Yangqiao of Fenyi County Party A: People's Government of Fenyi County Party B: Xinyu Xinwei New Energy Co., Ltd. <*$p$*>Party A welcomes and supports Party B to invest and develop new energy projects in Fenyi County, and Party B intends to explore the possibility of building a photovoltaic project; both parties aim for cooperative interaction on areas of mutual interest, documenting their understanding below<*$p$*>: I. Party A supports and guarantees the project construction and development of Party B, and will provide the most preferential policies and all- round service in the aspects of preliminary work, construction and grid-connected of the project, and actively coordinate relevant departments and units to help Party B accelerate project construction progress. Party B will give full play to the advantages in funds, talents, technologies, and etc. to accelerate the preliminary work progress of the project, ensure the early commencement of the project and produce benefits upon early completion. II. As required by Party B building PV grid-connected power station project, Party A accepts the Cooperation Agreement of 50MWp Photovoltaic Grid-connected Power Generation Project in Yangqiao Town of Fenyi County signed by Party B and Yangqiao Town of Fenyi County, and actively coordinates Yangqiao Town to perform relevant responsibilities. III. In the principle of win-win cooperation, based on 50MWp photovoltaic grid-connected power generation project in Yangqiao Town, Party B will vigorously promote the application of PV products, improve local energy-saving and emission reduction benefits, increase local fiscal levy, enhance villagers' income and increase villagers' employment. IV. <*$p$*>Party B promises that land use designation will not be significantly altered for building a PV project; some development will be carried out; local workforce may be considered; and expenses will be subject to negotiation.<*$p$*> V. Party B will register a foreign-funded company in Fenyi County before implementing the project; Party A will offer all the preferential policies to the company as per local investment promotion policies for foreign investment introduction. Party A: People's Government of Fenyi County (seal) Rao Cheng (signature) June 25, 2014 Party B: Xinyu Xinwei New Energy Co., Ltd. (seal) Xiahou Min (signature) June 25, 2014